Brown record running back
team supreme member the biggest thing is
you have to try to gain protein after
your workout Ephesian muscles and allows
your muscles to grow as well as recover
afterwards and so the biggest way that I
found to get protein in your diet and
you have to do it 45 minutes behind your
workout because if you wait too long
you'll never be able to regain that time
so the easiest way for me is the supreme
protein bar they've done a great job of
making these bars there they're
delicious to eat which it has been kind
of a hard thing about eating protein
bars nobody wanted eating because they
were so nasty but the Supreme company
has done a great job of making these
bars delicious to eat all you have to do
is grab one and eat them and it's enough
protein to last you after your workout
and that's the best thing about those
bars I've definitely tried all different
kinds of protein bars and my favorite
has to be the caramel nut and this my
reason is simple it tastes like a
Snickers anytime you could get protein
which really sometimes a nasty thing and
a good tasting candy bar and you could
do that at the same time as well as
helping yourself and your workout is
always a plus
the biggest time I eaten was right after
my workout I want to try to replenish my
body with that protein that you need to
recover your muscles and things like
that so every time I work out whether
it's during practice whether it's just
working out in the gym for out their
game I'll always grab a bar just to try
to replenish those muscles that make
those muscles recover a little bit
faster I have a box of in my locker and
they are continuously at my locker
stopping and stealing those bars from me
and so the biggest problem for me is
fighting those big offensive lineman off
my bar